hello welcome to
portal training of icici
so this is the part of
our posp training program
or a franchisee training training
program
from india insure
we are giving this pos
point of sales
code to
everyone who is interested
to take this business in india
so if anyone is interested to take
this franchisee
you can call 9686-925285
let us proceed
to icici
lombard portal training
initially we need to open
this link
user window will come like this we need
to enter password
and after that we need to select retail
products here then login
so let us let us learn how to
do two wheeler insurance
this is the next window that you are
getting
in this
here you can see some options
in
that you need to click two wheeler by
default two wheeler is clicked
next
you
you can select any options
so here two options are there
fetch data from previous code renew
existing or labs we have to click renew
existing or lapsed
vehicle policy
so after that
we have to click get nicer
caught
get nicer q code
so this will be the window that you are
going to face after that
so here
new rollover floater
new means it's a new vehicle
brand new vehicle rollover means it's a
renewal from other company
or from icsa
so here we are to select rollover
then here we need to enter vehicle
number so for example i'm entering k
so if it is
this detail is this details if this
detail is available in rto automatically
that rto details will get fetch
so let us
enter different vehicle name
so
we need to enter vehicle number here
this vehicle also not fetching details
from rto or
wahan side so we will enter a different
so let us try with another vehicle so
this vehicle details is
taking
in a
portal
so we need to check
we need to double check the details
first registration details
policy start date if everything is
correct
we can click
get code
so this will be the premium
and if a customer is agreeing we have to
click buy
now then next in a next window policy
will get generated
so
after clicking buy now you need to enter
your debit or credit or internet
credentials internet banking credentials
so after that policy will get generated
so thank you for watching
before winding
if anyone is interested to take
pass code vehicle insurance point of
sales code
you can contact
to 8 9686
you thank you